Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture, I'm going to try to create a log in button over here.
Okay?
So I'm going to go back to our basic code to create this log in bottom from scratch.
So after this test field, I just going to have a container widget.
Okay.
First of all, rather than give that what's in a wheat, okay, now I'm going to get the wheat or the
screen.
So now to do that, we have to see a media query, dots of context.
Their dogs size then dealt with.
So this is going to give us the width of the screen.
They want to see -40 characters to lose control and as say that to get a good format.
Okay.
Dennison Now going to give is the height of the button.
That's how long is going to be the weight is our weight is going to be okay for the eyes.
We can give a height of 50.
Okay.
Now we are going to give the button a call.
All right.
So what you can do, we can have a decoration over here.
Then this is going to be box declaration.
Okay.
Now for the collar, this is going to create this collar and the cost.
So that, by the way, I can create another variable.
I just say this is of a little car, this button.
Hello.
He's going to call us.
That's.
Rich began.
The harder faudrait.
And that was the reason I used this was able to use this where this record's 400.
Okay, I'm going to go back then.
Over here.
What you can see.
You can see a collar.
Then the want on bottom.
Color.
Okay, great.
Now I just want these coach unnecessary.
So check this out.
Q control on this issue.
Okay.
I think we also need to separate this as well.
Great.
Now we can give this face.
We turn this.
So over here, we are going to give this face vertically, right?
So there's going to be two items here.
Size box.
So icebergs.
All right.
Oh, probably.
Taxi.
Okay.
I'll try to make this right.
Now, let's look at as well, though we can give.
With border radios.
So we can give we can see what areas.
The circle of five.
Right now, you can have a child.
The child is going to be a test widget.
Okay.
Now we can see.
Log in.
Okay.
Look, this is going to look right.
So now we can set our sense out.
That says why over here I use our control and dots to on.
Santa is going to center the test we're trying to save.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Now what you can do, we can give is STI is going to be test.
Sigh.
Okay, we can say font.
Size of probably 20.
Then we can also see.
Font weeds.
Fine.
Sweet.
Good Lord.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Great.
Now what we can do.
We can make this clickable layer up in this container with a button.
And what is going to be a tab is going to be the equal tab.
So now we are up with widgets so we can see.
Think.
Inkwell.
Okay.
The result of this sweet gesture detector.
What is it they acquire is going to be so cool.
You felt like a splash call or something like that.
Okay, we can just put it on top.
Lucky for that.
It is going to leave this empty.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.